calls all your classes actually work
then it can actually follow your
instructions and when they take your
class they can actually produce not only
do they seem to work really well but the
students get so excited that you're out
there and tell everyone else and so they
are also without meat ending part of my
marketing they will you know i i get a
lot of weird and very good and so what
plans do you have for future classes on
you to me I think you've got three clear
glass classic black classic breads and I
and I just 101 for beginners because
some of the other courses a little too
much for someone just starting out so
the 101 class has just two loaves of
bread and I take them by step when
they're done if they're not they didn't
involve that much time but they're
usually and they want to continue on and
take the other classes great so do you
have plans to do more classes beyond the
three that you said you got this
four-volume book it was 400 something
pages here got a whole lot of I'm hoping
to get it ready and the other courses
that there's a little bit but that's
what I'm doing the old-timey sourdough
like the 49ers Jackson the waffles and
the old-fashioned you know in the
village and that sort of thing so I'm
fashions reads well you know I think
it's a really interesting story I'm so
happy for you to share with us
I'd like to touch on just a little bit
covered right now that also makes your
story interesting because not only are
you having success and you to me with
this class you know people wouldn't
typically think of the first thing to go
to make money but you had to come from a
background that China like handy
optimally for success so how did you how
did you do that you mentioned you
created a website and you know that you
make the sourdough bread so like how
were you able to see who you know to
learn all those things to do be able to
you you know succeed in really like
you're beginning to throw by the you
know less than optimal
thirty year and five years ago I pretty
much I went into my mother was the end
of April and at the same time I just
published my first and I was working on
my memoir which took me five years to
write it was just published in September
it's called out of reach
joy and all evil link if anybody wants
you to check it out I come from a
challenging background and I didn't have
a degree and no real work is everyone in
the USA job didn't feel that I could
compete brother-in-law offered to pain
for me to go to college
disabled son at home I didn't feel
waiting four years
hitting the books was going back and
forth to take care of my mother so I
decided to do what I've always enjoyed
doing and that is to be an entrepreneur
I sold cupcakes and I was 10 years old
and I've always so basically I that's
why we started this out with me and I'll
leave her as well she was so
inspirational in my condition at the
time and a little by little I regained
my self-esteem myself and I went for it
I gave it all that I i think what's the
best for me is that I just love it it's
not like I'm doing I get up I put in
when I'm doing them videos and doing
it's just so you'll be able to work and
earn money it's something I think
absolutely absolutely and just to let
you know I will make sure that I got
links to all the various resources
that's resist mentioned and the replay
on my website so you'll be able to get
it all the things she said I'll make
sure she gives me the information for
her book on Amazon she's got her memoirs
she's got the book or ebook on making
sourdough she's a website YouTube
channel at all that stuff website is
Mark yahoo.com you can go there and
you'll be able to get it off later on
now
other things that theresa has been
mentioned here so she did she did
actually speak about the fact that she's
got a son at home was disabled that she
needs to take care of right now and then
jeez I believe one other child
that you have two other children who are
in high school right now
ok and injuries actually has a total
children who are still alive so so she
had quite the backgrounds interesting
experiences coming in to YouTube and
she's really been able to use it you
know a platform to help her to to
support herself and to support her
family and to just try and regain her
self-esteem so I'm so glad that we had
the chance to hear about Teresa story
there so there's a look at the questions
here we can open it up for questions and
answers right now there was nobody would
ask how many tutorials you based on your
sales the first month in what your
average each month let me ask you
actually and I will open up a seat here
or you're making re doing mostly all
promotions are you do you mean you dummy
organic sales hot like how are your
sales are you making for a while they're
like 97% and then my sales were down a
bit and then you to pick up and I think
right now
micelles so I i dont have enough
experience over years to know how that
would go back and forth thing so I i've
been real happy with you did very good
so you have something to me sales as
well and I do believe you said that you
that your YouTube channel is
is a pretty good resource to drive sales
your course although I think he said
what you're telling people to join your
face
ok have links directly a few plans the
video is for people to get into my car
and i also send you everything else I
send them to most people that are
interested in that would love to show
and so the Facebook group so I can open
up here anymore questions anything else
that they like to know about his
background with this strategy is that
she's using to achieve her success or so
questions from the audience
alright I guess where goods like to just
once again thanks for being willing to
be part of this inaugural all you know
me weekly inspiration for success and I
do hope its use her story
inspiring I certainly find it inspiring
and I think it's just you know a
wonderful story how a person can take
the resources that she had available to
her and make the most of them to enact
that I top of it to be able to do
something that she loves succeeding at
something that she loves doing right now
and you know that just let's let's all
of us know it is actually consider her
where she had to the things she had to
overcome to be able to the region to
this point and yet she's been able to do
it so thank you thank you thank you for
being my first guests and cast and I
which he wish you much continued success
and with that I wish you all a good
weekend
whatever time zone you're in here 904 my
time for those of you who are watching
this in a different timezone later on in
the replay thanks for stopping by and
look forward to seeing you next you to
be weekly inspiration to everybody I
appreciate the opportunity and I really
enjoy your very welcome the pleasure
talking to you